Hello,
the attached file is an example of output which can give you wanted data.
metadata are the coordinates of upper right and lower left corners of the picture

Координаты SVG/canvas?


sses data are per sse, there is
* sse size - size

SIZE = length? 

* its color
* layout are coordinates of the sses center x,y

Maybe we could use center to calc whatever is needed?

* angel is its angle in given coordinates
What is the default positionining of SSEs (i.e. before applying the angle)? Are they positioned parallel to the horizontal axis? Also, where the "arrow heads" of strands point to - to the right or to the left?
Does positive value of angle imply clock wise rotation around the center of the SSE (and negative value - counter clock wise rotation)?


* and residues mark the start and end residue of the sse
the minor axes have the same size for all sses - I have to look to the precise number
here.

Is this ok for you - I think all data you wanted can be computed from this file.
But if there is a problem, please write me.
Ivana

Dear Ivana,

Thank you for your providing the sample file and explanation.
If possible, I would like to clarify several more things related to the interpretation of the data in the file:
 - Could you tell me which 2Dprots entry this JSON corresponds to? Just for better orientation.
 - What is meant by size? Is it length of SSE (majoraxis?) or something else?
 - What is the default positionining of SSEs (i.e. before applying the angle)? Are they positioned parallel to the horizontal axis? Also, where the "arrowheads" of strands point to - to the right or to the left?
 - Does positive value of angle imply a clockwise rotation around the center of the SSE (and negative value - counterclockwise rotation)?

Also, as a side note: I am not sufficiently familiar with the conceptual background of 2DProts, but if my guess that size = length of SSE is correct, it seems a bit unusual that SSEs with the same number of residues have different value of size.

Best wishes,
Aliaksei



Hello,

I'm attaching new data file (with the full pdc name and its picture),
the size is the major axis in your diagram,
and the angle is 0 if it is parallel to the coord y - the arrow is on the top. You can
see the picture - The yellow sse is H5, the big blue sse is E23 - you can find the sse
names based on the order (they are connected thus it is the order in the picture, in json
file you have to order its names (there are numbers in names, or you can compare the size
of the sses).

The size is size in reality - the distance from the first residuum to the end one in
angstrems. Eg. helices and strands have different sizes even if they have the same number
of residues. The SSE could be curved as well.

Is this ok? If there is any problem just ask the auestion
Ivana


3myt_D00


Dear Ivana,

Thank you for the clarification and new data.

I would like to ask you if I got it right that the positive value of angle means clockwise rotation around the center of the SSE (and negative value - counterclockwise rotation)?
Also, coils that are connecting helices/strands seem to be positioned in a bit unusual way (see the attached screenshot). Maybe it has some meaning, but was not able to get it unfortunately. Should the original positioning of coils be preserved or I can locate them in accordance with residue numbering (e.g. blue dashed line on the screenshot)?

Other comments/questions:
 - I think that there is a mistake in "?E?628818" key. Also, in this key's value, the color is given in non-HEX format. For now (development), it's totally fine, I mention it just in case there is some typo in algorithms you use.
 - It seems that the SVG you send is rotated compared to the cooresponding 2DProts entry available online (https://2dprots.ncbr.muni.cz/domain/3mytD00). For early development it's okay. However, fixing it might be more complicated on later stages, so could you confirm that this is the correct orientation/topology?

Thank you for your time,
Best wishes,
Aliaksei





